Ensure default variation is carried over to Facebook (#1639)
facebookincubator/facebook-for-woocommerce: changelog.txt

*** Facebook for WooCommerce Changelog ***

2020.nn.nn - version 2.1.2

>  * Tweak - Ensure default variation is carried over to Facebook

Reviewer: Since the product item ID of the default variation is not available on initial sync (because each variation will be synced asynchronously using the Batch API), I think we should update the changelog entry to indicate when can merchants expect to see the default variation reflected on their catalogs.

Perhaps something like this (should update `readme.txt` as well):

```suggestion
 * Tweak - Default variation selection will be synced to Facebook if the default product variation is already synced 

```
